Yuvani dont be mad at me for writing sm i wrote it bc i wanted toooooo 

If im being honest with i first msged u i didnt expect a reply bc you seem like someone way out of my league and someone i couldnt even talk too but i js tried anyways and when u responded i got rlly happy and once we started talking for real its js something abt u it makes me feel so different and so special and how u treat me like this knowing even if u treated me like a peice of trash i would still care and love you. I know it hasnt been long but i feels like ive known u forever and ik uare going to say not to say all of this but i do it from the heart it. Im sorry if i cant love you enough bc honestly i dont know how to express it all in the form of writing but i try my best and i hope you know that. I just feel something very different with you you make me feel like a actual human who is worth being alive and the way you match energy and comfort me makes me feel so amazing it makes me feel like im worth it and worth living. Ik you have alot going on at home but im ready to stay with you thru every step and im going to always try my best to help you out even if i know i cant bc i dont want to get invovled with ur personal problems if u dont want me too bc you have control of your own life im never going to tell you what to do with it. Now let me just mention some things i love about you lets start with the most important thing your personality; you always tell me the truth (i hope so) even if u dont i understand sometimes u dont want too or even sometimes you arent able too just keep in this mind anything u say in our chat will stay there unless i ask for your permission and say exactly who im sending it too and for what purpose. Lets not forget how amazing it feels when ur caring abt me like most other ppl would want me to stayup all night and talk to them and hold a grudge if i sleep early but your not like that ur genuinly the person i want to see myself with in my deathbed, i want to see your loving eyes and caring face in my last moments. You make me feel like im worth it ik i say it alot but most people dont make me feel this way, you really are the person i love the most in this world and i will do anything to not lose you i will change myself competely if that means i can stay with you. I know i have alot going on aswell but that doesnt ever mean i will sacrifice anything for you i will always try my best to love you even if im crying or whatever im doing bc you make me feel loved unconditonally no matter whats going on you always love me even if that means it hurts your feelings which i never ever ever want to happen. I also love the way you talk to me like im a baby and u bring out the child in me like i havent felt like this in so long whenever i do this around other ppl they call me childish and say mature up but i js love being this way bc it makes me feel like im actually myself and im being how i was born to be. I feel so comfy with you sharing anything like no matter what im doing and whats going on im ready to share it with you and if you ask me any question no matter what it is i will always and forever give you the honest answer bc i would never lie to you it just doesnt feel right lying to someone i love so deeply. Sorry that i wrote alot i js had to get this off my chest even tho i say it alot it feels so amazing having it all in one msg and i hope you like it.
Next thing i love about you is your looks lets not even get started; everything from the top of your head to ur toes are perfect and i love the way you act like yourself around me and your just a gorgeous girl and i love i honestly love how you look its so amazing like your style ur face ur eyes ur cheeks ur chin ur nose ur skin its glowinggg and i just want it to be allll mine bc ur the love of my life and no one else can take that spot. i love the way how sometimes you dress formally and sometimes u have streetwear style you rlly are the person i love most in this world. I want to grow up with you i want to go thru struggles with you to increase the strength of our relationship and i will always be there for you and honestly dont even get me started on ur body its gorgeous just the way it is my gorgeous girl i dont want you to do anything idc if u gain or lose weight i will love you for you and that is the truth. I lowk hate when u say ur fat bc the most gorgeous girl and no matter if your fat or what you are your a very stunning and beautiful girl idc what you are im always going to love you for you and not for anything else. you can always be yourself around me and i know you always do that im just letting you know
    i almost foret to mentionn; i love the way how you tell me ur fav things and u lowk the reason i tried oreo dairy milk and its so fuckiing good same with that 5 star one thats like a log but its so fucking yummy and i want to cook with you i want to see you in the future i want to make romantic tiktoks and videos and vlogs for our children to look after us. And i dont want our children to say "stop fighting mom and dad" bc i know we have both been thru that its never okay to show that to people who are still developing and it messes the child up if you cant tell by me im very unstable and i cant control my emotions sometimes but that never ever means i will do anything to harm you just keep that in mind my queen. Id rather have our children say "stop flirting mom and dad" bc thats the type of love we need to show to our children for them to understand what true love is because we havent experienced that yet (Our maybe its js that we dont recognize it). I will buyy you so many gifts and make so many handmade gifts no matter what you say ive already made some love letters and also made a bunch of crafts that i sent you earlier and i hope you rlly like them bc i put my all into that ik im not good at this typa stuff but its my first time being with someone i love this much without them using my vents and other things against me and i just want you to recognize how much you mean to me. I know money cant buy love but honestly i dont know any better ive just been raised that way. Lets not get into my problems bc this is a peice of writing about yyou. Just know ill always be by ur side thru the ups and downs and if for some reason u get ur phone and devices taken i will still talk to you like we are talking rn giving u updates and writing u these msgs i just hope you never give up on me bc you are the one i rlly love. Now that i know you like black we can get matching black hello kity pajamas and cuddle up and take vlogs for our children i want to have a romantic relationship with you i dont want all that freaky shit it lowk pisses me off like when you are on ur periods i will try to research abt it and see how i can help you and how i can make u feel better wait rn im going to research it after i write this and send u another msg abt it because i just want you to be happy and know i really am trying my best to love you as much as i can i know its hard for both of us but we are always going to be by eachothers sides because once again i want to see you raise OUR children and i want US to be together forever. I will never ever ever fight with you over anything bc you are the person i never want to lose you mean more then anything to me. I will buy you so many plushies and stuffed animals because for now i know we cant live under the same roof due to parents but once we can dont worry i will make u breakfast every morning pack ur lunch and kiss you on the forehead goodnight every single night bc i just want you to be happ even if it means im getting hurt ( THIS HASNT HAPPENED DONT EVEN WORRY MY QUEEN ). Im trying to find nicknames for you but its hard bc i cant put the love i have for you into words bc its just too much you make me overflow with happiness and i hope i do the same to you. I love you from the bottom of my heart and i will always tell you this because i just want you to know that i do. Ik this msg was very long but dont worry its not ending here i have alot more to say. I just want to see you raise OUR kids way better then we have ever expeirend i want us to be eachothers first everything and u have alr acomplished this for the first girl to not use and me and to actually be friends with my friends and not js ignore them. I know you really love me Yuvani and i love you more then anything in this world you really are the one i want to spend the rest of my life with i know i keep on repeating it i dont know what else to say. Your eyes are so gorgeous and your face is so perfect you dont need any makeup to look good my love you are natrually gorgeous i love you so fucking much baby my mayalu yuvuvuvuvuvu i love you so fucking much
    I KNOW I HAVE ALOT MORE TO SAY BUT I WROTE ALOT AND ION WANT YOU TO GET BORED READING THISSS MY LOVE

